DOC-1861/document-cancelphysicalcardrenewal-mutation (#663)
swan-io/docs: docs/topics/cards/physical/guide-cancel.mdx

This guide explains how to cancel a physical card and how it impacts connected digital and virtual cards.
:::

> :::tip Prevent renewal without canceling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip Stop renewal without canceling
```

> If you want to keep the card usable until its expiry date but stop it from being renewed, use the `cancelPhysicalCardRenewal` mutation instead.

Reviewer: Consistent language with the changelog
```suggestion
To stop a physical card from renewing without canceling it, call the `cancelPhysicalCardRenewal` mutation while the card is in `ToRenew` status. The card stays active until it expires, then isn't renewed.
```

Add the link.
